README.md, before:

# SVG_Logo_Maker
The project for week 10---making a command-line application that take in user input to generate a logo and save it as an SVG file.

## Table of Contents
 - [Installation](#installation)
 - [usage](#usage)
 - [Credits](#credits)
 - [License](#license)
 - [Features](#featues)
 - [Contribution Guidelines](#contributing)
 - [Tests](#tests)
 - [Github link](#github)


## Installation
You will
1. Need node downloaded onto your machine.
2. Ensure that the inquirer package is also downloaded.
3. Need to open your terminal of choice for #usage.

## Usage
Run node index in your terminal of choice then answer the questions to the best of your ability, then the program will put them into the correct sections.

## Credits

## License
This project does not currently have a license.

## Features
There are many features including multiple if statements for the purpose of changing the badge and license sections depending on the choice of the user. In addition another if statement was created for the purpose of having the choice of including a table of contents.

## Contribution Guidelines
This is a private project for instructional purposes. Future contributions are unlikely but possible.

## Tests
Test project by entering node index into your command line, and watch the magic happen!

### Questions
For any questions, please contact me:

GitHub: [imdawizard](https://github.com/imdawizard)

Email: nate.is.cool.yeah@gmail.com

Commit message:

added valid jest tests and updated README

README.md, after:

# SVG_Logo_Maker
The project for week 10---making a command-line application that take in user input to generate a logo and save it as an SVG file.

## Table of Contents
 - [Installation](#installation)
 - [usage](#usage)
 - [License](#license)
 - [Features](#featues)
 - [Contribution Guidelines](#contributing)
 - [Tests](#tests)
 - [Questons/Contact](#questions)


## Installation
You will
1. Need node downloaded onto your machine.
2. Ensure that the inquirer package is also downloaded.
3. Need to open your terminal of choice for #usage.

## Usage
Run node index in your terminal of choice then answer the following questions: The text you want(only 3 letters), the color of the text, pick between a circle, triangle and a square, then finally the color of the shape.

## License
This project does not currently have a license.

## Features
Some of the many features of this program include:
- An if statement for users who enter in more than 3 characters during the first prompt
- A cleverly designed system on index.js that uses less code when calling the differnet shapes, due to the fact that they have different point systems

## Contribution Guidelines
This is a private project for instructional purposes. Future contributions are unlikely but possible.

## Tests
Pre-made jest tests were conducted for more structural code, these tests test that when colors are applied to the shapes, that they do indeed work.

### Questions
For any questions, please contact me:

GitHub: [imdawizard](https://github.com/imdawizard)

Email: nate.is.cool.yeah@gmail.com

Link to walkthrough video: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Fdz5901W93GmbVU2C0aV2Y7VKmzZLPkN/view
